We went to see a band called Flowered Up at TJ's and they were kind of a London version
of the Happy Mondays.
They had a guy called Barry Mooncult who was dressed as a flower on stage as their sort
of bears.
They weren't very well known until the week before they appeared on the cover of NME or
Melody Maker and suddenly everybody wanted to go to this gig.
I saw the promoter did a piece online saying that they oversold the venue by double from
what they should have had in there because literally everyone I knew in Newport at the
time wanted to be at this show.
And it was the mid-summer Italian night, it was on the telly, it was a fantastic night.
And we got in there and the venue was just so rammed.
When you went to the loo or went to the bar, literally you had no chance of finding your
mates afterwards and it was so hot.
It was ridiculous and TJ's was one of these venues when it got really full and sweat was
pouring off the walls.
But I lost all my mates and we caught up outside and one of them, he lost his t-shirt and his
shorts in the mosh pit somewhere but he'd had a really good night and he didn't care.
So we lived a couple of miles from Newport to Honsendo and he walked home in his boxers
but he'd had a really good night and that's all that matters.